All of this has been vibe-coded with the free version of Claude for Stable Diffusion ReForge with python 3.10 to work on my machine. I barely know how to do 'pip install'. I can't help troubleshoot anything if you have issues. If you're having trouble, your best bet is to paste the code into into a new chat with your own free account with Claude and get it to fix it to work on your machine (it will probably help to tell it what version of python you have and which flavor of Stable Diffusion you're using while doing so). Again, I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing. 

This extension borrows heavily from the wildcard editor project in feel. This extension lets you double click a wildcard inside the normal prompt text field to create a drop down menu listing all entries within that wildcard. You can select an entry and the wildcard will be replaced with what you just selected, highlighted slightly orange to indicate that you can right click that text to revert it back to the wildcard it came from.

The extension allows for this feature to stack, so no matter how deep your chain of wildcards goes, this extension can accommodate it.

When double clicking a wildcard, the dropdown menu features a search bar as well as a small toggle button which switches between merely highlighting the searched term within the wildcard entries and only showing entries which contain the searched term.

Lastly. this extension adds a more clear path of the wildcards used to the metadata of generated images. By default, the dynamic prompts extension will only provide the final resolved prompt, and the initially input template featuring __wildcards__. If your wildcards call upon other wildcards, it can be very difficult to trace where a part of a prompt came from. The metadata this extension add clears that up by presenting template, but with each wildcard being followed by its contents contained within <<double carrots>>. As an added bonus, if you copy that version of the metadata back into the prompt text box, the extension will automatically parse it and present you with highlighted text, as if you had double clicked and selected the end result, enabling you to revert any sections back to the wildcards that called that part of the prompt.
